nfd-worker: Add an option to disable setting the owner references (#1860)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/reference/worker-configuration-reference.md

  noPublish: true
```

### core.noOwnerRefs

> Setting `core.noOwnerRefs` to `true` disables setting the owner references
> to Pod for NodeFeature object.

Reviewer: Thank you @ozhuraki for the improvement! Just one nit about the wording (we don't just mark to pod as the owner but also the parent owner of the pod). E.g.

```suggestion
Setting `core.noOwnerRefs` to `true` disables setting the owner references
of the NodeFeature object created by the nfd-worker.
```

Ditto the cmdline reference
